README.md, before:

**NC News**

**Hosted version**:

So far I have been unable to host my website.

This project is intended to be linked with another project which acts as a backend that handles the api requests made by users. This project can be found here:

repository: https://github.com/ccccc170/BE-Project-NC-News
hosted version: https://craigs-nc-news.herokuapp.com/api

**Project Summary:**

This project is the front-end for a news articles and blogging website. Users of the website are able to view news articles made by other users as well as post comments and vote on the articles. When viewing the articles, users are able to filter and sort them as well. Some of the functionality, such as posting and deleting comments require a user to be logged on. The website features a log in page where users are able to sign ina as a pre-defined account to access these features.

**Minimum node version:**

Ensure that this version of Nodejs is installed to run this project:

- node v18.2.0

**Installing dependencies:**

he follwoing dependencies should be installed in order to ensure this project can be used:

- @testing-library/jest-dom v5.16.5
- @testing-library/react v13.3.0
- @testing-library/user-event v13.5.0
- axios v0.27.2
- react v18.2.0
- react-dom v18.2.0
- react-router-dom v6.3.0
- react-scripts v5.0.1
- web-vitals v^2.1.4

**Cloning this project:**

This project caan be forked and cloned from here: https://github.com/ccccc170/FE-Project-NC-News

**Running this project:**

In order to run this project, first clone the project repository from the link above. Do this by copying the HTTPS url from the repository page and enter this link into the directory you want to keep it in. Once you have done this, change directory into the newly created project directory and open it with your text-editor or IDE using the following commands:

`cd` followed by the name of the project directory
`code .`

Once opened, use the following command to run the project via localhost:

`npm start`

Commit message:

updated readme to include link to hosted site

README.md, after:

**NC News**

**Hosted version**:

A hosted version of this project can be found here: https://craigs-nc-news.netlify.app/

This project is intended to be linked with another project which acts as a backend that handles the api requests made by users. This project can be found here:

repository: https://github.com/ccccc170/BE-Project-NC-News
hosted version: https://craigs-nc-news.herokuapp.com/api

**Project Summary:**

This project is the front-end for a news articles and blogging website. Users of the website are able to view news articles made by other users as well as post comments and vote on the articles. When viewing the articles, users are able to filter and sort them as well. Some of the functionality, such as posting and deleting comments require a user to be logged on. The website features a log in page where users are able to sign ina as a pre-defined account to access these features.

**Minimum node version:**

Ensure that this version of Nodejs is installed to run this project:

- node v18.2.0

**Installing dependencies:**

he follwoing dependencies should be installed in order to ensure this project can be used:

- @testing-library/jest-dom v5.16.5
- @testing-library/react v13.3.0
- @testing-library/user-event v13.5.0
- axios v0.27.2
- react v18.2.0
- react-dom v18.2.0
- react-router-dom v6.3.0
- react-scripts v5.0.1
- web-vitals v^2.1.4

**Cloning this project:**

This project caan be forked and cloned from here: https://github.com/ccccc170/FE-Project-NC-News

**Running this project:**

In order to run this project, first clone the project repository from the link above. Do this by copying the HTTPS url from the repository page and enter this link into the directory you want to keep it in. Once you have done this, change directory into the newly created project directory and open it with your text-editor or IDE using the following commands:

`cd` followed by the name of the project directory
`code .`

Once opened, use the following command to run the project via localhost:

`npm start`
